The Orit was a dark plane of existence, a night city forever isolated within a reality well. No light could penetrate further than the arm beyond the eyeball. All through the deep black, the figures in long coats sparked strange substances up against their lips, uniquely visible. The Long Coats were the only ones who could see through the strange substrate of the Orit plane. They were the only ones who could hear more than muffled sounds through its oppressive thickness. And they guided those other poor souls who were lost in the darkness. Sometimes, they led the citizens of the city to safety, to their tasks, to their destinations. Hands would grasp their long coats and grip tightly, noses search for the scent of their conflagration, ears keenly listening for their soft, sweet whispers. They would whisper to each other, to each other, to each other.

But sometimes, they would not take the citizens to safety. Sometimes, citizens would speak to the Long Coats, and they would tell them with urgent grip-language that their comrade or lover or old friend had been guided away into the darkness and had not returned, hands squeezing the hard shoulders of the Long Coats in rhythmic, mournful words. They would not return to their comrades or lovers or old friends. They would not return to the comfort of their homes, the comfort of their families. And just like always, the Long Coats would whisper to each other, to each other, to each other, in breathless inaudibility to each other, to each other, to each other.

On and on, the citizens grew more and more fearful of the Long Coats. More and more reluctant to reach out and grasp their leather hides to be guided on their way. More and more afraid to speak to the Long Coats, and so less and less able to find their way around the city and their lives. The breakdown between the Long Coats and the citizens of the city began to feed in on itself as an ouroboros. The citizens ventured about their lives blindly, seeking to find their way to safety through the dark without their guides lest they too be taken to some inescapable doom. Because of this, more and more disappeared into the infinite alleyways of the dark city never to be seen again. The Long Coats were blamed for these as easily as they were blamed for the others, and so it was not long before the citizens hissed and flailed when they came up against the once-comforting figures. The Long Coats merely drifted away, conversing softly in some newly sad song, to each other, to each other, to each other.

And then finally, a citizen stricken by some rage came across the little spark and with a fury began to beat the Long Coat. Another citizen came, and another, and then another, until a great mob of figures gripped each other and hollered to no one. They beat and kicked and stomped the bewildered figure until it collapsed into a pile of dust. And the Long Coats were no longer seen in the city. The citizens of the city were left to their own devices, to their own hearts, to their own lives. Lost in the dark, lost in the darkness, lost in the darkness of the Orit.