The First Chronicle Of Azerioth by Gooby Pooble

This record is of Azerioth in eir first suncycle of work, perfecting the science of Transitentology. Azerioth is a being of the sun, a great warrior and craftsman, and he is the only being who can be seen by the sun and not rend eir flesh. Azerioth's first work was to create the world of the first suncycle. Azerioth was in the process of creating the world of the first suncycle, when he was struck by the sun and forever marked by its fire. Azerioth is a star-walker, and the first star-walker to be born in the world, and Azerioth was created by Azerioth himself.

For many years, mortal egos have sought Azerioth for his deep and terrible knowledge of this plane and its star-engines. Azerioth was the first to discover the secrets of the sun, though some terrible contract keeps such secrets encrypted. 

But what then does Azerioth share with us that warrants such diligent recording, dear reader? Well, let me tell you a little story. Couple of millenia ago, minding my own business ghostwriting a fairly influential demigod's holy text, and who comes strolling into my pocket dimension but Azerioth himself! He looks at me and just says "Do you know who I am?". Well, I'm busy being on fire of course, far too busy to really do anything but scream. And, well, the gist of it is that he wanted to hire me to ghostwrite this book about him, something about "getting ahead of a bad media cycle". 

So I slaved away with little burnt-away nubs on my trans-dimensional typewriter - and let me tell you, that thing has a LOT of keys and some of them don't like to stay still. And yeah, you know, maybe I miss a deadline or two through the healing process. Definitely Azerioth dropping by some notes didn't help, especially as the ancient language they were written in made me stab my own eyes out. And yeah, you know, maybe I spent a little bit of the deposit on some tasteful art that is before its time, and I apologised publicly for that. But the book got done, and then that prick didn't pay up. So now I'm releasing it! So enjoy this "First Chronicle", named so for contractual reasons but unlikely to get a sequel unless the prick learns to sign a cheque anytime soon.

Chapter One...